fix link tpyo (#257)
pipecat-ai/docs: guides/deployment/overview.mdx

### Things you'll need

> - **Transport service** - Pipecat has existing services for various different [media transport](/docs/category/transports) modes, such as WebRTC or WebSockets. If you're not using a third-party service for handling media transport, you'll want to make sure that infrastructure is hosted and ready to receive connections.

Reviewer: I think that path is really old. It should probably link to the supported services page:
```suggestion
- **Transport service** - Pipecat has existing services for various different [media transport](/server/services/supported-services#transports) modes, such as WebRTC or WebSockets. If you're not using a third-party service for handling media transport, you'll want to make sure that infrastructure is hosted and ready to receive connections.
```
